---
layout: layouts/post.njk
title: My "Hire Me" Pitch

date: 2013-10-10
published: false
tags: [Uncategorized]
---

## You should be excited that you found me!
I am a game developer morphed into a front-end engineer. Rich web-connected applications are the future and I want to advance us there. Video games are constantly creating amazing new experiences and game designers are increasingly more important. Developing games helped to define my vision, a vision that thoroughly impacts my work and motivational drive.

## I've done some really cool stuff lately.
* The [MAGIC Center at RIT][1] hired me as the sole developer to create their web presence, a site now visited by hundreds of people daily. Using **Django** I created a simple, rewarding experience for the staff to maintain and update the site. [Foundation][2] (coupled with **Sass**) helped me craft a responsive website that just works on any device.
* [OpenMusic][3] started as a hackathon project and has matured into a hobby project. Utilizing the latest technologies like **Node.js**, **Angular**,
and **MongoDB**, we are building a service that we have great hopes for.
* A 2D cooperative arcade shooter, [Gridlock][4], proved to be a successful 10-week project for a small team that I helmed. A professor at RIT took notice and offered us an independent study to let us continue work on the game. The study resulted in refreshed visuals, networked multiplayer, and the bragging rights of being one of the first titles to play on the Ouya.

## I want to work with a talented team of people (like you!)
Working with a group of passionate people is crucial. Whether you're building the next great web service or an second-screen app to complement a console game, I want to be there with you. I bring code, design, and team skills to every project I am a part of.

A couple things to be aware of:

* I have a solid foundation of programming knowledge that grows everyday. I will quickly pick up whatever language, library, or style guide you work in.
* Location is a non-issue. Growing up in the Midwest and studying in West New York have given me an appreciation for travel (and inclement weather).
[1]: http://magic.rit.edu/
[2]: http://foundation.zurb.com/
[3]: https://github.com/BrandonLittell/OpenMusic
[4]: http://gridlock-game.tumblr.com/
